---
sidebar_position: 8
---

# July 2024

## tl;dr

- Announcing our last raise in the second week of September
- Continuing to progress on development, will release updated version to testnet
  next Month
- Last minute decided to attend Token2049 due to a [PG](https://x.com/PGgroup_)
  partnership and exclusive event invite
- Joining two spaces next month, one with Monad, dates and details below

## Development

Interest rate work is close to wrapping up and we are aiming to deploy a new
version on testnet this month. We have a first draft of the liquidation
protection that we are working through. The draft is still very early and it is
going to take me some time to finalize. These are two last massive rocks that we
have been working on for a while. Getting them done means that we are left with
just fine-tuning things and crossing off smaller items. There is still more to
do, but it seemed like we were close enough that we could start kicking off our
go to market strategy.

## Go to Market

This month we brought on Tim as our new Head of Marketing. This is going to be
huge for me to be able to have more capacity to stay engaged on the Development
side.

Tim is a marketing strategist and growth leader with a proven history of driving
\$100 million in revenue growth for top-tier companies across diverse industries.
Since late 2018, he has scaled Web3 projects across CEX/DEX, DeFi, L1/L2
ecosystems, gaming, NFTs, and metaverse. Tim's efforts have been instrumental in
generating over \$300 billion in estimated total value locked (TVL) for major
projects including OKX, Celsius, Cool Cats, Ankr, MEXC, and Oasys. He has
successfully led the token generation events (TGE) for six tokens/coins and
expanded listings for nine others.

We are officially announcing the seed raise the first week of September, which
will serve as the kickoff to our GTM. We see the Seed Raise announcement as an
important catalyst for attention, providing momentum for the entire go-to-market
campaign.

We will have two X spaces scheduled

- Monad Monday X Space - 11AM EST, August 26th
- SYS AMA - Wednesday 10AM EST, August 28th

Last minute we came across a partnership opportunity with PG group that led to a
decision to head to Token2049. I will share more details on how this
goes next update.
