---
sidebar_position: 6
---

# May 2024

## tl;dr

- Hired 2 more devs to help accelerate finishing up
- Developed GTM strategy, preparing for execution

## Development

### Hiring

We hired two engineers, one front end and one back end. We will now have 6
engineers excluding myself.

### Contracts

It has been a pleasure to see the team that we have grown into continue to come
together and become what will be a power house of DeFi development. I have been
working mostly alone on development of the theory of Ammalgam for years. Now we
have two deep mathematical minds on the team breaking down my big ideas into
smaller concepts that can be easily understood and coded. This has been a breath
of fresh air. I feel confident in saying we have successfully transitioned two
front-end engineers to making meaningful contributions to our contracts.

Our goal was to be code complete by the end of June. This month we focused on
getting a clear comprehensive list of everything left to be done and grooming
that work. The completion goal still felt like it was a stretch and decided to
keep the goal, but also to delay audit timeline. Our goal is to keep working
hard to wrap up the code and we keep getting better each month improving how the
team effectively operates and handling the complexity and security
considerations that goes into what we are building.

## Business

**Go-to-Market Strategy:**

- Defined go-to-market strategy with a strong focus on organic community
  building and aligning community and protocol incentives.
  - Reviewed strategy with several investors and legal counsel, iterated
    accordingly.
- Continue to meet with questing partners (e.g., Layer3, Galxe), PR Agencies and
  Web 3.0 Marketing Firms.
- Building a network of Ammalgam contractors including collaboration managers,
  community builders, content creators, etc. to execute once we hit the “go”
  button.

**ETH CC**

The Ammalgam team will be attending ETH CC in Belgium in early July. We want to
optimize for connecting with investors, ecosystem partners, builders, users,
etc. Please let us know if you’ll be attending or have connections you think we
should meet!
